listen who would have thought in the 70s
that the Charlie's Angels franchise
would become a franchise like everything
else in the Year 2019 it started with
the show in 76 they've had a comic
series some board games a lot of video
games movies soundtracks an animated web
series so much merchant collectibles
that a red swimsuit poster of Farrah
Fawcett set a record with over 20
million poser sold in the 70s it was so
big that that suit got inducted into the
Smithsonian do you remember this red
swimsuit remember I had it so shout out
to Ray Comfort sponsoring this franchise
recap we're gonna be covering all of the
film series of this property starting
way way back in the year 2000 let me
explain so if you haven't watched the
first two movie adaptations from the
early 2000s they're all on Netflix at
the moment and they are wild wild rides
drew Barrymore had actually purchased
the screening rights from the original
TV series each person when you talk
about what kind of film that would be
had a different idea some thought it
should be as food some thought it should
be a remake of the show some thought it
should be a cold cutting hard cutting
action film some people thought it
should be a comedy I thought how do you
amalgamate all those hopes and modernize
it yet honoring the series you know we
never wanted to insult the show that was
so important
she got John Forsythe surprises role as
Charlie from the original series she was
able to get the whole cast together
she's the one who wanted the angels to
have absolutely no guns maybe jump out
of airplanes and drive speedboats and
race cards so there's so much going on
you don't miss that that's the important
thing to do is don't just take something
away replace it with something that said
once people saw Cameron Diaz doing wire
fool it was like being a meme on Ellen
action immediately started veering the
other way well there were more serious
shots in the scary movie parody of
Charlie's Angels than in Charlie's
Angels
[Music]
barrymore also hired mcgee who had only
directed music videos at that point but
he even classics such as some Barrymore
then chose him to direct us you didn't
even have a script for most of it and
boy does it show
Roger Ebert called this movie a trailer
for a video like not even the movie a
trailer for a video game movie lacking
only the video game and the movie
Charlie's Angels was his first feature
film in which he was only paid three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for
directing but that 250 million box
office is what made this movie iconic
like if you search up all these
actresses Charlie's Angels pops up as
one of the most prolific films within
their filmography and it's it's a
memorable one and what's your favorite
outfit than Alex where's the car outfit
the intro to the first has a dude
jumping out of a plane because another
dude has a bomb strapped to him and it
turns out that that dude is drew
Barrymore
[Music]
it's a duo of films that showcased how
much Hollywood didn't give a crap in the
early 2000s with classic lines from both
such as you know I sign that release so
you can just feel free to stick things
in my slot I could use someone like you
and my staff thanks for the offer but my
hands aren't going anywhere near your
stuff this is gonna be long hard
[Music]
sometimes when it's rough I just get
there faster like fast cars
I like fast everything
but it's big like that I just love to
ride it hard and run way was getting
pounded I'm gonna be wet for hours you
were the cotton it had cameos and
appearances by dead moose humper Tom
Green who at that time hadn't done
Freddy got fingered but had done drew
pink Shia LaBeouf when he was just a kid
Melissa McCarthy before she herself
became a spy it even as famous TV star
matt LeBlanc from the critically
acclaimed sitcom Joey obviously
something like this can't be replicated
today like we did get a reboot to it
it's nowhere near these two over here
but it's interesting doing research for
this video and hearing all of the behind
the scenes mayhem that these actresses
had to go through because listen you've
had martial arts training before did you
teach the girls they had them working
out eight hours a day for four months
straight they're stories of arguments
turning into fights actors
second-guessing lines and scenes from an
already non-existent script
[Music]
and it overall creates this dichotomy of
a female at franchise who did kick-ass
who are leading their own movie they're
using their sexuality to do what angels
do best and distract the foolish men
around them and still being a movie done
by the foolish men around them what do
you find most engaging about the three
angels their wardrobes the Angels got to
look absolutely extraordinary
they look damn good there's definitely a
lot of memorable kam penis within the
film's I I do love the story behind the
creepy Crispin whose dad in real life
was actually a Bond villain from
diamonds are forever and one of the
suits they had him in in the movies was
the suit his dad wore in that movie the
original angels did have iconic office
they turned into Charlie's battle angels
and in fact Barrymore was the one who
talked Cameron Diaz in to making more
money with every role she got in the
future and I've said this in the past
Cameron Diaz is a legend the Frank Ocean
of film with the way she secured the
bags and yet that said Lucy is still
easily the best age a goofy goofy
streamit for both
now the new one was inevitable it does
seem like it was done to take some
rights away but you've heard us cover
franchises and you know the buffoonery
that happens behind the scenes when it
comes to these big studios and their
properties yet it does seem like
Elizabeth Banks was having a fun time
writing starring producing and directing
the new one which is good because
someone had to it's a lot to process
which is what part of the fun is now my
opinion it's not a terrible reboot I
just don't see the merit behind it like
what was the purpose of it why this side
of everything else
I don't know when Barrymore fought to
have guns removed instead opting on
having all the Angels working out to the
point that their limbs had to be moved
with wires because of how sore they were
I'm James that said banks did have the
complete opposite montreux and dealing
with overly tight outfits to the point
that while she didn't have the star
power mm at least I got to pick their
own clothes actually thanks again seems
to be having a great time directing
action for the first time even if I
wasn't a fan of it like I would take
that wire foo from the first ones any
day way more entertaining than seeing
taken three editing they do pay homage
to the 2000s by photoshopping Patrick
Stewart as their Bosley quoting miss
independent from the original soundtrack
while having a pretty decent one
themselves but when it came to the
Angels themselves I don't think they
surpassed the originals or the original
originals at all Jane was dubbed because
she was an mi6 agents and obviously
lemonade fans are determined to see
everything with Naomi Scott but I was so
confused with Kristen Stewart's part I
know a lot of people don't like her
because they think that her delivery is
too dry but no III don't think she's a
bad actress I thought she was great in
personal shopper as the ghost that's
that if you wanted a great female led
action spy thriller catch atomic plot
Mad Max how anything with Charlize
Theron just know it won't have Noah
Centennial really not supposed to be
touching things in here unless
supposed to be touching things again man
I had someone told me they thought no
one Centennial was a James Dean of this
era which I would have been the
stupidest steak I've ever heard
till I learned they wanted to make James
Dean the James Dean of this era
honestly this installment just feels
like the middle one in the never ending
era of franchises you know there's
always that one that you look back on
and go what the heck were they doing
there it's gonna be the while we're
gonna forget by the time they do get the
Charlie's Angels spin-off right in like
2033 but it's just confusing to see a
lot of these pop up this year I mean we
know it's cuz of money a bit like you
have an entire franchise to work with
and this is what you give us they have
so much more to work with other than
seeing the same twist we see all the
time by the end of it
like we just saw the same twist in the
men in black installment that we're all
gonna forget y'all should have made
farrah fawcett charlie when you had the
chance back of the day y'all should have
brought back any of these ladies if you
were already going to pay a match to
them but instead we get a series of
after credits where we learned that
Ronda Rousey's an angel along with the
entire cast of pitch-perfect Barden
Bellas well in that case I'll just go
watch Totally Spies instead thank you
guys for watching this video and a big
shout out to Ray con for partnering with
us again Ray J picked up the phone again
still don't know who he called but the
company he founded hit us up to do
another partnership and what better
franchise and the one that had a bumpin
album we previously talked about them in
our Hobbs beat diesel videos we had the
headphones for a couple of months now
and they're still going strong long
battery life at after price perfect when
we're editing for hours the boxing is
gorgeous and there's literally no
experience like moving around with
absolutely no wires in your way in that
case I mean you admit
the case is still just as soft as the
first time I have the Ray Conte 25s and
they're actually having or Ray comp
Black Friday sale and a cyber monday
deal that I have linked down below in
the description for you to click but if
you needed new headphones right and you
want it to help out this channel if you
like what we do here let me explain
ray con and all of our other sponsors
make that possible so what better way to
support the channel than to treat
yourself to
think nice thank you guys again for
watching this video let me know your
thoughts on the Charlie's Angels series
which one your favorite is again these
franchises they're not going anywhere
like honestly even if one thing tanks
it's just a matter of time before they
bring it back in another forum be it
again a TV series a movie video game
there may even be an entire VR
experience if not a ride for this
franchise so let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
no casts NOAA Centennial as the next
Bond girl